        <h1>An Economics Thesis</h1>
        <p style="white-space:pre;">
    How much money would it take for you to kill yourself?
    Oh, no, not literally, how much for you to fake your own death and start your life anew in another country? This question was asked to thousands of americans around the country by our team of volunteers. A second question was asked by another group of volunteers; "would you fake your own death and start life anew in another country for $10,000?". Neither group of volunteers was aware of the other and were secretly recorded. The purpose of this experiment was to observe the change in value of an abstract proposition when a price is suggested versus when it's not. Our hypothesis is that a higher percent of respondants would take the $10,000 offer than the percent who set the value at or below $10,000.
    The results were expected and uninteresting, a miniscule but still statistically significant percent more of respondants did take the $10,000 deal than those that valued the proposition at $10,000 or lower. Due to the uninteresting results of this experiment, we will instead be detailing a few of the notable interviews.
    A larger-than-expected group of volunteers valued the proposition at $0. In fact, seven different respondants told the interviewers that they would <i>pay</i> to fake their own deaths and start their lives anew. It's unclear whether they were being facetious or assumed that the proposition would somehow guarantee success in the faking of their own deaths and subsequent relocation. A few of the interviewers tried to figure this out, poring through the myriad documents we supplied them with, only to exasperatedly realize we did not clarify the answer to these questions at all.
    Also of note, out of all respondants who valued the proposition at above $10,000, only two gave a number below $100,000, and one of these was a response given in an above/below interview. It goes as follows.
    Subject walks into meeting room. Greets the interviewer with a quiet "howdy", then sits down in the provided chair. Shuffles slightly, smiles at the interviewer, then sits still expectantly. The interviewer shuffles their papers, nods, then asks, "Would you fake your own death and start your life anew in another country for $10,000?"
    The subject chuckles and asks, "the hell?". The interviewer repeats the question unwaveringly, and the subject again chuckles, and responds, "No!".
    interviewer goes off script asks how much, respondant says $50k, why? cuz thats 1 years salary post tax, 1 year off work is 1 year to enjoy life and the reduction in stress probably results in living another year longer, best bang for their buck to live longer.
    2nd respondant is asked how much question, responds $10,001. begins to create an unreality with the interviewer, making experiment seem dangerous and stakes huge, when in fact they likely dont know shit.
        </p>
